Good afternoon.
So welcome to Selling
Products with Store Kit.
My name is Daniel, and I manage the
Mac App Store engineering team.
And Store Kit is the framework
on both iOS and Mac OS X that
lets you do in-app purchase.
And in-app purchase lets you do
things inside of your app like sell
additional levels to a game or perhaps
unlock some new feature of your app.
So if you have a camera app,
perhaps you sell additional lenses.
Or it could do something like sell
additional issues to a magazine.
You can do all these things and a lot
of other things with in-app purchase.
You've probably used an app that does it.
Some of you have probably
written an app that does it.
What you might not be as familiar
with is that at the time of writing,
75% of the top-grossing iPhone
apps on the store use in-app
purchase for their revenue.
So what's the difference between an
in-app purchase and an in-app purchase?
So to be clear,
the apps are free in the store,
and all of the revenue
comes from in-app purchase.
So I think it's safe to say
it's been a huge success,
thanks to you guys.
And the other thing to point out is
that in-app purchase is what lets you
be flexible with your business model.
We understand that selling an
app for one flat fee in the
store doesn't work for everybody.
And in-app purchase is the feature
that lets you take another approach.
So with that in mind,
let's talk about our agenda today.
We're going to start with a great
new feature I'm very excited about.
It lets you sell any iTunes store or apps
or content inside of your application,
so books and movies and songs,
things like that.
We're going to move on to
traditional in-app purchase,
selling your own content
inside of your application.
We'll focus specifically on the
purchase queue and why it's so
important to get that right.
We'll then back out and talk
about another great feature,
App Store hosted content,
and we'll wrap up with
some best practices.
So let's get right into it and
talk about selling store content,
a new way to sell movies, music, apps,
anything that's in the iTunes
store inside of your application.
Let me show you an example.
You're using an application,
something like Shazam,
and Shazam deals with a lot of songs.
So I found some great song on the
radio with Shazam that I want to buy,
and you can see there's a button
in the middle of the phone that
lets me download on iTunes.
So I tap it, and I'm taken to the iTunes
store where I can buy the song.
And that's great.
I bought the song.
It works really well,
and it's been working well for a while.
But we're now out of your application,
which might not be exactly what you want.
So we have a new solution that
we think you'll like a lot more.
And it works like this.
Same app, same button,
but this time we bring
up a new view controller,
and it's a little piece of
the iTunes store or app store
inside of your application.
So we have never left your application.
What you're seeing here is a song,
of course, but you could use this for a
movie or another application,
anything you want.
User taps.
That they're done, and they're right back
inside of your application.
So what we've seen here is an application
that deals with a lot of different songs,
a lot of different media.
But you might also consider
using this for cross-promotion
of your own applications.
So inside of one of your apps,
if you'd like to sell
your other applications,
you can do that.
Let me show you how.
At a high level,
first what you do is look up the item
identifier for whatever you want to sell.
Everything on the store,
the iTunes store, the App Store,
has a unique identifying number.
And we have three ways
that you can get it.
The first is a search API.
That's a web service that you can hit
and query it with bundle identifiers,
other things, other fields,
and get back information
about products on the store.
You can also use the
Enterprise Partner Feed.
It's another way for some of
you to get data from the store.
The third way is probably
the simplest for most of you,
and that's simply parsing iTunes URLs.
If you've ever gone and looked
in Safari at your application
and the preview page that we
have for each application,
you'll notice one big number in the URL.
That's actually your item identifier,
and if that works for your needs,
you can get it there.
So you have the item identifier.
The next step is to configure
this new ViewController class
that we're providing in iOS 6,
SKStoreProductViewController.
Configure it with that item identifier.
Tell the ViewController to
load up that page of content.
So, those are the steps.
Let's actually look through it in code.
You'll want to first choose
where you're going to do this,
most likely on a button tab,
like we saw with Shazam.
Simply instantiate that view controller,
set yourself as the delegate,
[Transcript missing]
So, what we're going to do is we're
going to tell that view controller
to load with the parameters that
we chose and a completion block.
So, it's going to go and hit the
network and load up that page.
Once it's done that,
it'll call your completion block.
Assuming that was successful,
All you have to do is present the view
controller and it's right there to go.
Now, should you want to know when the
user is back inside your application,
that's where the delegate
method comes in handy.
So we have this delegate method that
you can respond to to know when the
user is back inside of your application.
Great.
So it's as simple as that to
sell anything you want in the
store inside of your application.
Let's move from selling other
people's content now to selling your
own content with In-App Purchas.
And I want to point out that
In-App Purchas is virtually
identical between iOS and the Mac.
And I'll point out the few
differences that there are.
But if you have it done in one platform
and you want to move it to the other,
it's really pretty simple.
There are four types of things that
you can sell using In-App Purchas.
The first we call consumable.
These are used up like tokens in a game
or power-ups that a player in a game
would just use up and they're gone.
Contrast this with non-consumable.
This would be something like a feature
in your application that you unlock and
the user has access to from then on.
We offer auto-renewing subscriptions.
You'll want to use this for something
like a magazine that has content
that's released periodically,
new content.
Contrast that with
non-renewing subscription,
which is for something
more like a service,
like an app that ties into a dating
service that you want to give
somebody access to for three months,
or whatever the case may be.
So those are the things you can sell.
Let's talk about how to sell.
At a very high level,
there are three steps.
The first is set up your content.
If you're building a game and you
want to sell additional levels,
well, you've got to make those levels.
Once you've done that,
test it inside of your app in Xcode,
and you'll want to enter
information about what you're
going to sell in iTunes Connect.
So that happens sort of ahead of time,
right?
Well before the user ever
enters your application.
What happens at purchase
time is on the device or Mac.
That's when the user is
actually using your application
and goes to buy something.
That's where you want to use Store Kit.
Finally, well after they've purchased it,
subsequent launches of the application,
you're going to verify those purchases,
make sure they really
came from the app store,
and that you're not being
pirated in some way.
What we're focusing on in this
talk is the purchase process
and what happens in your app.
So let's break that up and
go through it step by step.
So this whole process,
to put it in some context for you,
happens when the user
is inside of your app,
taps on something that says Store,
or you otherwise want to present
what there is for them to buy.
That's where we're starting.
Now, the first step of that is
to get item identifiers.
So just like everything
in the iTunes Store,
you need to provide a unique
identifier for everything that
you want to sell in your app.
And we'll talk about how to do that.
Excuse me, you set that up ahead of
time in iTunes Connect.
So, what's the best way to
deliver your content?
Well,
the best way to deliver your content
is to use the same identifiers
that you set up in iTunes Connect.
You can get them into your
app in one of two ways.
The first is have them in your app.
They could be just hard coded or you
could load them in from a P list.
The second is to talk to your own server.
Then it's up to you to come up with
some kind of communication between
your device and server to get those.
So, that gives you a lot more
flexibility if you want to add
more things to buy later on.
But if you just have simple needs,
you might choose to go with just
putting them inside of your application.
Next step,
we take those item identifiers and
we fetch up-to-date information
about each of those products.
In iTunes Connect,
we let you change the price
or the title of what you're
going to sell at any moment.
So immediately before you show
the user what they can buy,
you need to go get that
up-to-date information.
That's this step.
Take those item identifiers,
create an NS set so that
we know they're unique,
and you can use that to make
an SK Products request object.
This is what will do the hard
work of talking to the server.
Set yourself as a
delegate and call start,
and Store Kit is off to the
races talking to the server and
getting that information for you.
We will call your delegate back
on one of two callback methods.
The first one is the success case.
We'll give you an
SK products response object.
And that object will have two properties
that you'll probably be interested in.
The first is a products array.
Each item in this array is an SK products
object with a lot of metadata.
It'll have the description and the name
of the price of whatever it is for sale.
And the other property is the
invalid product identifiers array.
Now, if you had a typo in an identifier
that you sent us or forgot to
register it with the iTunes store,
something like that,
it'll be returned here so that you
know that there's some issue with it.
If there's an error with
the request overall,
like you're not connected
to the internet,
for example,
you'll get an NSError back in
this delegate callback method,
and you should respond
accordingly in your UI.
So we have that up-to-date information.
Now is the fun part.
You get to present whatever it is you
want to sell inside of your application.
This is entirely up to you.
It's your responsibility.
And the reason for that is
it needs to fit your app.
You might have a really immersive game
that takes the user through forests,
and they're fighting animals,
and they find this tavern where
they can buy new swords and shields.
Well,
Store Kit can't provide that for you.
We need you to create whatever makes
sense inside of your application.
If you have an app
that's more conventional,
it could be a more conventional
list of things that are for sale.
But I do want to impress upon you that
this is an opportunity to really sell,
not just show what's for sale,
but sell it.
Make it look really great.
If this is where your
revenue is coming from,
all the more reason to put a
lot of effort into this UI.
So the user has chosen
what they want to buy.
How do you actually buy it?
Well, take that SK product object
that we got two steps ago,
and you're going to use it
to create an SK payment.
Simply take that payment and
add it to the SK Payment Queue,
and you've started the purchase.
SK Payment Queue is a class that we're
seeing for the first time right now,
and we're going to come
back to again and again.
It's really the backbone
of In-App Purchase.
So from there,
you've actually started the purchase.
The user experience once
you've done this is as follows.
We'll put up a confirmation dialogue.
This is what it looks like on the Mac.
Assuming they click through that,
they're asked for their
login information,
and they can log into the store.
Assuming they remember their
password and all goes well,
we're ready to process the transaction.
So the server is going to tell
Store Kit everything went great.
Store Kit is ready to tell your
application everything went great.
But we didn't set a delegate here.
How do we know what in your
application should be told that
the purchase was successful?
Well, there's actually a step that's at
the very beginning of the process.
Actually,
before the beginning of the process.
It needs to be done on the
launch of your application.
We're talking about it now
because it's coming into play.
But I want to impress upon you that
when your application is launched,
this is when you should register an
observer on this SK Payment Queue.
We'll talk in just a moment about why
it's important to do it at the launch.
So whatever object you
choose implements a protocol.
The most important callback is
this updated transactions callback.
We're going to talk about
this a bunch starting now.
So this transaction was just successful.
The user bought something.
We're going to call your
observer method here,
and we're going to pass back
an array of transactions.
Now,
if the user just purchased one thing,
there's going to be one transaction.
But we'll talk about other cases
where there might be more than one.
So it's best to loop through it.
Each transaction has a state.
There's four possible states.
We're going to talk
about two at the moment.
The first is purchased.
That means everything was great,
was successful.
It could also be failed,
in which case the transaction
will have an NSError,
and you're going to want to
respond to that in a manner
that's appropriate for your UI.
But let's say that it was successful.
We're now ready to make
the asset available.
You have two choices to do this.
The first one is simply to unlock
something inside of your application.
The functionality that was already there,
the purchase is basically just
giving the user access to it.
And the second is to download
additional content from your server.
Maybe you have a cooking app and
they bought some recipes and you need
to go and get the files from your
server that represent those recipes.
So whatever makes sense for you to do,
these are the options
that you have right now.
The third one is to always
finish the transaction.
SK Payment Queue has a method
called Finish Transaction and
you always need to call it.
If you find that every time
you launch your application,
you're being prompted to
log into the App Store,
it's probably because there's
something stuck in the queue and you
didn't call Finish Transaction on it.
So it's really important in all
situations to call Finish Transaction.
So that's the purchase process,
and that's what happens when
the user wants to buy something.
There's a concept called Restore
that I want to talk about now.
And that's not to be confused
with restoring a device.
This restore is a way for users
to get back all of their content.
So this is especially important when
the user redownloads your app from the
store or in multiple device scenarios.
So I bought an in-app
purchase on my iPhone,
but my iPad doesn't get
that content automatically.
I need to do a restore
on my iPad to get it.
So applications really must offer this.
The user needs a way to get
back all of their content.
That said, consumables don't come
back when you restore.
These are things that were used up,
presumably.
So it's only non-consumable and
auto-renewable types that come back.
And the last thing I want to mention is
it's best not to do this automatically.
This will cause a prompt
for logging into the store,
and you're going to want to let your
user initiate this because of that.
So that being said,
let's look at how we do that.
The last three steps are exactly the
same as they were for a purchase.
And the first step is very simple.
You just kick off the restore with
one method on SK Payment Queue,
Restore Completed Transactions.
From there, it's basically the same.
Same callback, updated transactions.
You're going to want to loop through it,
check that state.
But this time, the state will be restored
if it was successful.
So that's just a little clue that if you
want to do something different between
when something's purchased and restored,
you can check the state and
know that it was restored.
Same two options for actually
giving the user their content.
You can unlock something in your app,
or you can go and pull
it down from your server.
Same last step, finish the transaction.
So now we've talked about all
the code that you need inside
your application to do this.
That's it.
What I want to talk
about next is testing it.
And that's where the sandbox
environment comes in.
So the production environment is
what you think of as the app store.
It's what users are buying your
in-app purchases from when they go
and get your app from the app store.
We have what is essentially a copy
of that that we call the sandbox.
And the purpose is that you can
hit it and have real transactions
and buy things as much as you
want without using real money.
Sounds amazing, right?
So you're working on an app,
either on an iPad, iOS device,
or your Mac.
How can you get it to
talk to the sandbox?
Well,
StoreKit knows which environment to point
at based on the signature on your app.
So if an app comes
right out of the store,
it's going to point to
production naturally.
If you've signed it with
your development cert,
we will automatically point to sandbox.
I do want to point out.
That should you forget to
sign your application at all,
which is a little bit
easier to do on the Mac,
we're not going to hit any server.
So if you're just getting
back errors all the time,
make sure your application is signed.
The question comes up quite often,
how can I know for sure that
I am pointed to the sandbox?
Well, the easiest way to do that is to
look in any dialogue that comes up,
and it will say environment sandbox.
So that obviously doesn't
happen on the production store,
but this is your clue that you are
successfully pointing to sandbox.
A few notes about the sandbox
environment and how to get set up.
You're going to want to first do a
little bit of setup in iTunes Connect.
You're going to want
to create a test user.
You obviously have a user
for the real app store.
You need a separate one for
the test sandbox environment.
And I do want to point out that you can
use the same users across iOS and Mac.
You only need one for both.
You'll also want to enter information
about the products that are for sale.
So the server needs to know about them.
That's the setup step.
From there, you want to build and
sign your application,
of course.
And on the Mac,
there's one additional step,
which is fetching a receipt.
All Mac apps have a
receipt inside of them.
Not going to go into
detail at this moment,
but I will point you to information
on how to do that a little bit later.
So that's everything you need
to know to write the code in
your application and test it.
I want to focus now on that
purchase queue again because
it's really important.
So let's first survey all the
different players that are
involved with the purchase.
There's your app, of course,
which links against the
Store Kit framework.
has been the first to launch
a new app called iTunes Store,
which has the SK Payment Queue.
Now, you've done as we recommended,
hopefully,
and you've registered in an observer
on the launch of your application.
And the last player involved
is the iTunes Store,
which lives someplace across the cloud.
So the user has chosen to buy something.
You've created an SK payment object.
And of course, you've added it to the
queue to start the process.
What Store Kit will do is wrap that
payment in an SK transaction so
that we can keep track of some state
between Store Kit and the server.
And we'll hand it over to the server.
The server will charge the credit card,
actually complete the purchase,
and we'll hand it back to
Store Kit when it's successful.
At that point, we'd like to hand it
back to your application,
but this is where things
get really interesting.
Your application might not be there.
So the user could be on an iPhone,
and they were on a train and
literally just entered a tunnel.
Or it could be as simple as
they just quit your application.
I would say maybe it crashes,
but of course,
that doesn't happen to our applications,
right?
Now, how do we know when to
give it back to you?
Well, that is why it's so important that
when your application does come back,
you register that observer,
because there could be
something still in the queue,
and that's when we know
to hand it back to you.
So the takeaways from here are, first,
register that observer on launch,
because something could come
out of the queue at any time.
[Transcript missing]
So now that we've focused on that,
I want to tell you about a
great new feature that we have.
Starting with iOS 6 and Mountain Lion.
We previously said you have two choices
for making your asset available.
[Transcript missing]
We think this is really exciting,
especially for small developers.
Why is it so exciting?
Well, the main reason is you no longer
need to host this content yourself.
This is going to save you tons
of time and money and bugs.
You can also depend on the scalability
and reliability of the app store itself.
So you write some really cool app.
It gets successful overnight.
Great.
You don't have to drive off
to North Carolina and set
up your own data center.
We've actually already done that for you.
So you can just rely on us for that.
It's also going to save a lot of time
on the client side with our easy-to-use
API that we're about to go into.
Again, saving you development time.
[Transcript missing]
And finally,
you can take advantage of background
downloads both on iOS and the Mac.
So what that means is that if
the user quits your application,
we'll keep downloading it
for you pursuant to certain
battery-related cases.
A few more notes about
this hosted content.
There is no additional cost
to host your content with us.
As you know, it's a 30/70 revenue split,
and that continues to be the case even
if you host your content with Apple.
There is a 2GB limit per product.
And then there's a few things
I want to point out that are not
different from In-App Purchas
before but are worth mentioning.
They do go through review,
so they need to be approved
before they go live to users.
They can't contain code,
nothing that's executable,
and whatever's inside them has to
follow the same rules for content
that applications do themselves.
There's not a backdoor to sneak
new content into your apps.
So, knowing that,
here's the overall process
for how this works.
It's pretty simple.
You're going to build and test
your content just like before,
write an issue to your magazine,
make those recipes, levels to a game.
Now, instead of just putting
metadata in iTunes Connect,
you're going to actually upload
that asset to iTunes Connect.
So let's actually go through the
same steps we did for Purchas and
just look where there are changes
now that when you have content
that's hosted with the App Store.
First step, getting your identifiers.
No change there.
Get them from your bundle or
get them from your server.
Second step, getting that information.
Well, setting up the SK products
request object is the same,
but there are a few new fields on the
SK product objects that you get back.
The first one is a Bool.
It's downloadable.
And that will be yes if that product
is hosted with the App Store,
or no if it's not.
If it is, you can get a content version.
This is something you will set,
something like 1.0.1,
whatever the case may be,
just like an app version.
And you can get a content length
so you know how big ahead of time
that download is going to be.
You'll notice it's an array.
This is a future-proofed API,
so you'll notice that we're
plural in a few cases,
but you can expect one
content length here for now.
Next step, showing the UI.
Same as before,
it's entirely up to you what you want
to do inside of your application.
Making the purchase?
Same as before.
Create an escape payment,
add it to that queue.
Processing the transaction
is where things start to get
a little bit interesting.
Same callback, loop through it,
but now in iOS 6.0 and Mountain Lion,
each transaction object
has an array of downloads.
If that's not nil,
it means that there's a download
that's hosted with the App Store.
So you can check that to know
if you have something hosted.
To start the downloads,
it's as simple as calling a new
method on the purchase queue,
Start Downloads, and we'll kick it off.
So before we said making your asset
available was the step where you would
download something from your server.
Now it's the step where you're going
to download something from our server.
We have a new callback
method on the queue,
updated downloads,
that we're going to call over and
over again as the download proceeds,
and we'll continue to give you download
progress about the state of the download.
Each download in that
array is a new class,
skdownload, and I want to show you a
few of the properties that
are available to you on it.
Notably, there's progress.
It's going to be a
number between 0 and 1.
1 means 100% of your
download is complete.
We'll give you a time estimate in
seconds so that if you'd like to include
that in your UI and give the user
some idea of when it's going to be done,
you can.
Then there's state.
As the download goes along,
it goes through different states.
It could be active,
meaning we're downloading
this thing right now.
It could be waiting,
meaning we're downloading something
else and this one is waiting.
It could be finished.
That means we're done, of course.
And I do want to say on that that
it's better to know -- to check for
the state being finished to know
when a download is done as opposed
to checking that the progress is won.
So keep that in mind.
A download could be failed or it
could be paused or canceled if
that's what the user did to it.
If it is failed, there'll be an error.
And if it's finished,
there'll be a content URL property.
This is a URL to the location on
disk where we just put this content.
So knowing that about SK Download,
let's go back and talk
about showing progress.
Well, you'll want to respond in your
observer to that updated downloads
method and pull out the progress
and the time remaining to update
whatever UI you have in your app.
You could also choose-- you
should look at the state,
and if it's failed,
handle that error accordingly in your UI.
Now, if you want to give the user the
option of pausing and resuming,
you can do so with-- or canceling-- with
three new methods on the payment queue.
They all take an array of downloads,
just like start downloads did,
and you just hand them,
and Store Kit will do
whatever that action is.
We talked about accessing the content,
when the download is finished,
and only when it's finished.
That content URL property will be
populated and you can use it to
know where on disk that stuff is.
Final step, finish the transaction.
Same as before, no change there.
Always call Finish Transaction.
How about a restore?
How does it change a restore?
Well, it's really almost identical.
The one thing I want to point out is
that you should continue to check for
transaction.downloads to know if this is
something that's hosted with the store.
And the difference with this restore
is that you should choose-- it's
your decision whether you actually
want to do the download or not.
With a purchase,
the user just bought one thing,
they probably want it right away.
With a restore,
they're getting everything they ever
purchased and they might not want all of
that content to be downloaded at once.
So depending on what
they did in your app,
it might make sense to show them
what they bought and not necessarily
download all of that content,
which they could do on
a subsequent restore.
So keep that in mind.
But regardless of whether you
actually do the download or not,
always call finish transaction.
And so those are all of the code changes
that it will take to use App Store hosted
content inside of your application.
But what actually are these things?
I want to talk about the content,
what it is on disk,
and how you're going to build it.
Well, it's basically a folder.
It's a folder with whatever data
you want to put inside of it that
makes sense for your application.
Just a couple of things that we
need-- a content Info.plist right at
the root level of it with two keys,
a content version provided by you,
something like 1.0,
and an IAP product identifier.
This is the unique identifier
that should match whatever unique
identifier you put in iTunes Connect.
The other thing that you need
is inside of the main folder,
there should be a subfolder
that's called Contents,
and inside of there is where you can
put really whatever data you want.
So that's what it is.
Looking at it another way,
if the slash is that folder,
you have ContentInfo.plist,
a Contents folder,
and then I have a couple
movies here as examples,
but you would put whatever data you need.
And that's what it is.
How do you make it?
Well, we have updated Xcode and
Application Loader to make
this super easy for you.
So when you add a new
target to your project now,
you'll see choices to create in-app
content for both iOS and the Mac.
Choose that,
and you'll be given the chance to
enter some information about it.
We're going to talk in a minute about
an application that lets you buy fruit,
so here we're selling a banana.
And this is your chance to
enter that unique identifier.
Do that,
and Xcode will set up everything for you.
A lot going on here.
I want to point out two things.
First, here's where Xcode has added
the folder and file for me.
It's added ContentInfo.plist for me.
I added that banana picture to
represent whatever data it is that you
would want to add for this product.
And when I look at my target,
Xcode gives me an easy way
to enter information for it,
a version and the
unique identifier again.
So once you build a
great level to your game,
you're issued to a magazine,
and you've tested it in Xcode,
you're ready to upload
it to iTunes Connect.
Xcode helps you there too.
You can archive one of these targets
just like you do your application,
and you can distribute it using Xcode.
So Xcode can upload it
for you to iTunes Connect.
Alternatively,
you can use Application Loader
to both enter in-app purchases
and upload this content.
So the tools are there to support you.
Thank you.
I want to now come back to
where these things live on disk
because this is one of the few
differences between iOS and the Mac.
On iOS,
we're going to put it in caches to start,
so it won't be purgeable
while we're downloading it,
but like other things in caches,
after you call finish transaction,
it will be purgeable.
If that's not what you want,
then you'll want to move that
content to the Documents folder
or someplace that makes sense.
It'll stay local then.
It won't be purgeable.
If you then want it to be backed up,
you'll need to set a flag on the
content so that it will be backed
up either to iCloud or iTunes,
depending on the user's settings.
So in iOS,
as soon as that download is done,
it's your responsibility to move
the content if you want to move it
and to track where it is henceforth.
A little different on the Mac.
On the Mac, we put it in a special
application support folder,
and we give you APIs to access it.
Two APIs.
These are both class
methods on SK Download.
The first one takes one of those
unique product identifiers and
gives you the URL to the content.
And should you want to clean
up and make some space,
the second one lets you delete it.
So I want to point out that
these are really for subsequent
launches of your application.
When the user actually did the purchase,
then we had that download
that content URL.
And the third one is the
URL that you can use to go get
the location of the content.
So if you relaunch your app,
you don't have that,
you need these APIs to
go and get that content.
Of course, on the Mac,
we recommend checking your receipt,
getting the product
identifiers from there,
so you'll have them to go
and look up this content.
And that's where it
actually gets installed.
Now, there might be a time when
you want to update content.
How can you do that?
So you do have a recipe app.
You're selling for a dollar grandma's
famous chicken noodle soup recipe,
and you forgot the main ingredient.
Grandma ain't gonna be happy.
How do we update this content when
it's already out on users' devices?
Well, naturally,
first you need to edit the content.
So if you have a level
to a game or a recipe,
you need to change whatever files,
whatever content needs to be
changed to make that happen.
You'll want to bump that
version in content Info.plist.
So if it was 1.0, maybe it's 1.0.1 now.
And re-upload it to iTunes Connect.
Nothing automatic happens from there.
For the content to get
to a user's machine,
they need to initiate a restore.
So if you should choose to prompt
the user that there's something new,
this is how you can do it.
You'll first want to get the SK products,
just like we did before when we
were making a purchase so you have
all the up-to-date information.
And you want to compare the
version there with the version
in your contentinfo.plist.
So essentially,
check the version of what's on disk
with the version that's on the server.
And if what's on the server is newer,
you know that there's a new
version of your content available.
One note for those of you who
already use In-App Purchas and
would like to transition to hosting
your content with the App Store,
and that's that these products must be
listed as new products in iTunes Connect.
There's no magical bit that can be
flipped to take something existing
and start hosting it with the store.
So you do need to support any
products that you're already selling.
So with that,
I'd like to take you through
how this actually works.
We are going to be looking
at an app called Fruit Stand.
And Fruit Stand is a silly little thing
that lets you buy pictures of fruit.
And we are going to take it
from where it was last year,
where you could buy pictures
that were already inside of
the bundle of the application.
We just unlocked them to using
App Store hosted content.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So here's Fruit Stand.
Let me show you around.
First thing we're doing up here
is just logging what's going
on so that it's easy to see.
You notice we already added
an observer onto the queue,
and we've loaded product
identifiers in from the bundle.
So in our case,
we just have them in the bundle.
Not talking to a server, very simple.
We have a button here that will
start fetching that product info.
When we get it,
the idea is that we will populate
a list of things for sale.
You can select one and purchase it.
And if all goes well, the pictures of the
fruit should appear here.
We also have a downloads window where,
by the end of this,
we'll hook it up so that we
can see progress of in-app
content that's being downloaded.
So now that we've seen it,
let's go and look at how we're
doing some of this in code.
Let me make Xcode a little bit bigger.
So I want to start an application
that did finish launching.
You notice that the very
first thing we're doing
is adding that observer, in this case,
self.
We get our product
identifiers from the bundle.
We'll do some things that
are Fruit Stand specific.
And here we're showing content
that was previously purchased.
So we haven't bought anything yet,
but if we had,
this would be where we go and
get the pictures of fruit already
and load them into our app.
Here's the IB action that responds
to that Fetch Product Info button.
And you can see in here,
we're taking those identifiers
that we got from our bundle,
and we're creating an NS set
so that they're unique.
And we're creating our
SK Products Request object.
Set yourself as the
delegate and call start,
and Store Kit will go
and talk to the server.
Here are those two callback methods
that we talked about earlier.
If there's an error,
you'll want to handle it in some
way that's appropriate for your UI.
But if it's successful,
you'll have a response object with
an array of products that you'll
want to keep around for later.
You'll also want to update your UI so
that the user knows what they can buy.
So let's look at that.
So we click Fetch Product Info.
Here you can see all the
things that are for sale now.
So you can see that we took the
title and the price out of the
SK products that we get back from the
server and we're putting them here.
But
I want to point out the additional
information that you have available to
you now that you're using hosted content.
So let's go back into the
code and make a change.
So let's look inside of where
we're actually updating that table.
So this is specific to our demo app,
but I want to point a
couple of things out.
You can see we're iterating
over the products,
setting up our price,
and creating that string,
which is what you see.
But what we can do now,
should you choose to,
is you can check product.downloadable
to know if this is something
that's hosted with the store.
So let's go ahead and put
the old string in here.
And although this wasn't running--
Let's see if that took effect.
In fact, that's not the version
that we're running.
Let's just make sure that
we have an executable.
Well, this is a good chance to
show you fetching a receipt.
So the first time you
want to fetch a receipt,
you'll need to run it outside of Xcode.
Once you do that,
you'll be prompted to log into the store,
assuming you exit with
the right exit code.
And once we have a receipt,
your app will relaunch.
So we have a receipt inside
of our application now.
We can go back to Xcode and run it.
And this time,
Fruit Stand will run for real.
Fresh product information now,
and you can see that change
that we made taking effect.
So we only have the lemon that's
actually inside the bundle now.
The other pieces of fruit
are hosted with the store.
So you wouldn't really want to
do this inside your application
and show that they're hosted,
but should you want to
know which ones are hosted,
you have that Boolean to take
advantage of on your SK product.
So now you should be able to
select something and buy it,
but we have a little work to
do yet before that's done.
So here's the IB action that's called
when you click on that purchase button.
We're going to figure out from
that table which piece of fruit the
user was intending to buy and get
the SK product associated with it.
Create an SK payment with that product,
and we're going to add it to the queue.
And that's going to start
the purchase process.
So here's that infamous
callback updated transactions.
You can see that we're looping
through the transactions,
and we're switching on the
state and handling each state.
But what I want to show you is
just the purchase state for now.
We're going to look inside
Providing Content for Transaction.
And here you can see the way that
we were doing things up until now,
which is just getting
fruit from our bundle.
So we're getting an image
actually inside of our bundle.
We're showing it in the UI.
And of course,
we're calling Finish Transaction.
But we're going to need
to make some changes here,
so let's do that.
Now we actually want
to start the download.
We can check transaction.downloads
to know that this is hosted.
This is specific to our demo app,
but we're going to show a progress bar.
You would do whatever
UI you want to start.
And you'll just call startDownloads.
And the downloads will
go ahead and begin.
Now if there's no downloads,
we'll want to do what we were doing
before because we know that it's one
of our older in-app purchase items.
So in order to get progress,
we know that there's a new callback
that our observer needs to implement,
and that's updated downloads.
So what's going to go in there?
Well,
I'm going to drop in a bunch of code,
and then we're going to talk through it.
We're going to loop
through those downloads.
Again, this is a future-proof API.
Right now, you really just have to
expect one download at a time.
We're going to log so that
we know what's going on.
We're going to switch on the
state to do different things.
But really, we're just updating UI.
So if we're waiting, paused, or active,
we're just going to update that progress
bar by pulling out the progress from
that download and the time remaining
so we can go and update our UI.
If the download is canceled or failed,
well, it's over, essentially.
So in addition to
removing the progress bar,
we also want to call Finish Transaction.
If the download is finished, well,
we're ready to show our fruit.
So we do that.
We also want to update our
progress bar in our download UI,
and finally, call finish transaction
because we're done.
So I want to jump inside and show you
how we're showing that piece of fruit.
So because we know the download
is in the finish state,
content URL is populated.
So we're ready to use that
URL to actually show the fruit.
So that's what we're doing here.
Having done that,
let's try and do a purchase.
So let me bring up the download
window so you can see that.
We'll fetch product info.
This time we'll choose a piece of
fruit and we'll click purchase.
You can see we're prompted to make sure
this is really what we want to buy.
We are in the sandbox and
it's asking me to log in.
I've already actually
bought a pair before,
so it's just telling me
that that is the case.
And when that happens,
you can see it's pretty fast,
but the download just completed,
and there's our pair.
Let's do one more of those.
[Transcript missing]
So that's great.
But if I launch the
application a second time,
you'll notice that the
fruit didn't show up.
Well, we don't want that.
If somebody bought something inside
your application and they relaunch it,
you want them to get that content.
So we're going to have
to make a change there.
So I'm going to jump back
to Did Finish Launching,
and it's time to look at this method,
Show Previously Purchased Content.
You can see what we're doing right
now only works with something
that's in the bundle already.
So we've created this array of
identifiers from the receipt.
Because Fruit Stand is a Mac app,
we've gone and read the receipt.
We've verified it was
legitimately purchased.
And we've pulled out the identifiers
for the things that were bought.
The receipt on a Mac contains
a record of every single in-app
purchase that was bought.
So we have those identifiers.
And what we're doing now is
loading fruit from our bundle.
But that's not what we want
to do with hosted content.
What we want to do with hosted
content is use that identifier and
the new class method on skdownload
to get the URL to that content.
If there is a URL,
we know this was in fact hosted.
And we're setting some state here
that's specific to our demo app.
You would do whatever you need to do.
And we're showing that fruit.
So we can move this old way of
doing things in the else statement.
And now we should be loading
content into our app on launch,
whether it's from the bundle,
something we purchased, you know,
an old product,
or whether it's one that's
hosted with a store.
So if we relaunch our application,
you can see there's our fruit.
Everything is working great.
So we took a look at Fruit Stand,
silly application,
but that's what you would need to do
if you want to go from an application
that already uses in-app purchase
and just gets things out of your
bundle or your own server to using
the new app store hosted content.
I'd like to wrap up with
a few best practices.
The first one is just remember
always to check that queue on launch.
Transactions can come out
of the queue at any time,
and you should be ready for them.
I do want to point out one more
thing about finished transaction.
If you call it in the
middle of a download that's
coming from the App Store,
it's the same as a cancel.
We will cancel the download.
So you want the download to complete
before you call finished transaction.
Third, restoring purchases is required.
Your users need a way to get back all
of the content that they've purchased.
On iOS, make sure that you move your
content out of caches if you
don't want it to be purgeable.
Maybe you do,
depending on your situation,
but make sure you move it if you don't.
Always test in Sandbox before deploying.
Can't say that enough.
That's the only really legitimate way
to make sure that everything is working.
So in conclusion,
I just want to say thank you.
In-App Purchas is a huge success,
and it's because of you guys.
If you haven't used it,
consider using it and what it
might do for your application.
If you have,
consider hosting with the store.
We think it'll really make
things easier for you.
And if you've used
In-App Purchas on one platform,
consider using it on the other.
We have some great information
to help you with In-App Purchas.
There's, of course,
our lovely evangelist.
There's also some really
good documentation.
There's the In-App Purchas
Programming Guide.
It talks about everything I talked
about and in much more detail.
We also have a document on
validating App Store receipts
for both iOS and the Mac.
It teaches you everything
you need to know.
And with that,
let's finish this transaction.
Thank you very much.